[Music]
hi I'm Stephanie jour ski of joy baking
calm today we're going to make pancakes
this is a really easy batter to make you
only need two bowls one for the wet
ingredients and one for the dry and
we'll start with the dry ingredients in
a large bowl place one cup that's about
130 grams of white all-purpose flour and
the flour will give us a structure to
the pancakes and then we're going to add
two tablespoons about 30 grams of
granulated white sugar and the sugar
will give a sweetness plus moistness and
also helps with the Browning of the
pancakes and then we're going to add one
and a half teaspoons of baking powder
and this will provide light and airiness
to the pancake and then lastly a quarter
teaspoon of salt which helps bring out
all the flavors and then I'm just going
to whisk this all together to combine
you don't want any lumps and then
through the wetting ingredients you want
them all at room temperature and I'm
going to use one large egg and I'm going
to just whisk that now the egg will bind
all the ingredients together plus it
helps with richness and with browning of
the pancakes and to that I'm going to
add two tablespoons that's about 30
grams of melted butter and have that at
room temperature and the butter gives
nice moistness to the pancakes and a
richness and of course helps with the
flavor and lastly one cup that's 240
milliliters of milk now you could use
whole milk 2% or even skim and just keep
in mind that the higher the fat content
of your milk of course the richer in
flavor the pancakes will be I'm just
using a 2% here so just gently whisk
this together okay and we're done we'll
just now all we got to do is just make a
well in the scent
of your dry ingredients and pour your
wet into the center there now to get a
nice tender pancake we just want to mix
the ingredients together just until
everything's moistened you don't want to
get too much gluten developed so you
don't want to be really vigorously
stirring this as you can see this is
easy to make now if you wanted to the
night before you could get all the dry
ingredients put together in One Bowl and
just cover that with plastic wrap and
then you could even put all the wet
ingredients together and cover and put
that in the fridge and then just mix it
together now we just want to stir this
until moistened now don't worry if
there's some lumps that's okay
okay so that's our batter now I'm going
to use here an electric griddle if you
have one of these set it at 350 degrees
Fahrenheit that's 180 degrees Celsius if
you don't have one of these you can just
use a frying pan on the stove and set
your heat to medium medium-high heat and
try to use a frying pan that it's pretty
heavy-duty
that has a flat bottom because you don't
want warps and then you'll have uneven
cooking of the pancakes and then you
know your pan is ready like on the stove
if you take a little drop of water and
just put it on it would kind of sputter
then you'll know your pans ready and you
may have to adjust the heat as you're
you're cooking your pancakes if you're
they doing too fast or not browning
enough you can just put your heat up or
down now I'm just going to use a
nonstick cooking spray that kind of
keeps your you're worried about your fat
so just keep it down
you could also just rub the your pan
with either with a brush or with a piece
of paper towel oil or melted butter so
I'm going to use a ladle
to make my pancakes and you could also
put your batter in a large measuring cup
and then just pour it on whichever way
you want and of course you can make your
pancakes as big or as small as you want
just make sure that you space them a
little bit apart because as you know the
batter will spread a bit just keep that
in mind so
let's make about that large I'll just do
a couple of course I could probably do
more on this pan but and then because if
you're using a nonstick surface make
sure you use something that you don't
want to use a stainless steel that will
scratch your surface and then when to
flip them as you can see the pancake
will start to get lots of bubbles and
craters and when the surface is pretty
well covered with the bubbles and some
of them are starting to burst then you
know it's time to flip and you can also
just take your spatula and kind of put
under and just check to make the
underside is you want them nice and
golden brown that takes maybe two three
minutes depending on your heat which as
I said you can adjust if you're finding
it's not browning enough okay as you can
see there's lots of bubbles on the top
surface and some of them have popped so
I'm going to flip this and then just you
can see nice golden brown as you can see
you can adjust the color by how soon you
flip it and then just cook it on the
other side now the the second side will
not Brown as much as the first side so
just keep that in mind so it's take ya
1/2 minutes more you want to make sure
they're cooked all the way through okay
as you can see the second side is not
quite as brown now when your pancake
when you take them off the heat I'm
there is a tendency because it looks
cool to stack them all up one on top of
the other but don't do that because what
happens is the bottom ones get all soggy
so try to have a plate or a platter like
this and just do it this way now if you
weren't serving these
right away so your family's still in bed
you could just turn your oven to 175
degrees Fahrenheit that's about 80
degrees Celsius and just put these
pancakes directly on the wire rack and
they you can keep them there for about
15-20 minutes so now if I was you when
you make more pancakes what I would do
is again spray or put a little more oil
or butter and just make another batch
the same way is first and you could just
serve these with butter and maple syrup
or some people like Jam or just some
powdered sugar sprinkled over top and if
you have leftovers after you could just
freeze them and then you can either
reheat them in the oven or just put them
in your toaster frozen and they're
really pretty good so until next time
I'm Stephanie Jaworski of joy baking
calm
[Music]